[Music]
happy Christmas I'm Miriam from BBC good
food and I'm going to show you how to
make an instant turkey noodle soup is
great for using up leftover turkey first
I'm going to need some stock dried
mushrooms and a splash of leftover gravy
and bring that up to the simmer I'm
gonna put in some lovely crunchy
vegetables celery fennel fresh sprouts
and some carrots but you can use any
crunchy vegetables that you like so just
add in some shot bought ready-made
noodles and just leave them in there for
a minute or so just to warm through add
some chopped leftover turkey I'm just
gonna pull the whole lock into the bowl
add some fried onions you can buy them
or you can make myself and there you go
instant turkey noodle food
[Music]
you